add ASSERT_FALSE summaries (#290)
Certora/Documentation: docs/cvl/methods.md

  [State Mutability](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.12/contracts.html#state-mutability)
  in the Solidity manual for details.

(assert-false-summary)=
#### `ASSERT_FALSE` summaries

> This summary essentially just checks that the summarized method is not reached, 
> which can be useful in the presence of unresolved calls that can be dispatched in many ways.
> It can enable more optimizations in the prover and lead to shorter running times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This summary checks that the summarized method is not reached, by triggering an assertion failure if a call site to the summarized function is reached.
It can be particularly useful in combination with dispatch list summaries as its default case---to safely rule out calls to methods that do not appear in the dispatch list. In certain cases it can help for optimizations that shorten running times.
```

> This summary essentially just checks that the summarized method is not reached, 
> which can be useful in the presence of unresolved calls that can be dispatched in many ways.
> It can enable more optimizations in the prover and lead to shorter running times.

Reviewer 2: Maybe?

```suggestion
This summary is a short syntax for a summary that contains an `assert false;` and essentially just checks that the summarized method is not reached.
This can be useful for instance, in the presence of unresolved calls in combination with the `unresolved external` syntax to ensure that every unresolved call is actually dispatched correctly (i.e. use `unresolved external in _._ => DISPATCH [...] default ASSERT_FALSE`). It also enables more optimizations in the prover and may lead to shorter running times.
```
